#summary A list of every tag currently supported by the parser

= Structure Tags =
  * [TagSheet &lt;sheet&gt;] - Required. The root element for a character sheet
  * [TagHead &lt;head&gt;] - Required. Holds information about this sheet
  ** [TagSystem &lt;system&gt;] - Required. The gaming system this sheet is for (oWoD; d20; RandKl etc.)
  ** [TagGame &lt;game&gt;] - Required. This game this sheet is for (Vampire: the Masquerade; Star Wars d20; Legend of the Five Rings; etc.)
  ** [TagName &lt;name&gt;] - Required. The name of this sheet (Vampire Neonate; L5R Character; Jedi; etc.)
  ** [TagCopyright &lt;copyright&gt;] - Required. The original copyright holder of this sheet (Wizards of the Coast; White Wolf; Alderac; etc.)
  ** [TagAuthor &lt;author&gt;] - Required. The person who wrote the Nerdcules XML for this sheet (your name or monicker)
  ** [TagDescription &lt;description&gt;] - Optional. A short description of this sheet; used for the &lt;meta&gt; description, which is referenced by search engines
  ** [TagStyle &lt;style&gt;] - Optional. Supplemental CSS definition for this sheet
  ** [TagScript &lt;script&gt;] - Optional. Supplemental script for this sheet
  * [TagSet &lt;set&gt;] - Required. Defines a set of attributes; a sheet must have at least one set
  ** [TagColumn &lt;column&gt;] - Required. Defines a column; a set must have at least one column
  * [TagBreak &lt;break&gt;] - Defines a printable page break
= Field Tags =
Field tags can only appear inside of a &lt;column&gt; tag.
  * [TagText &lt;text&gt;] - Defines a text field
  * [TagSelect &lt;select&gt;] - Defines a select field
  ** [TagOption &lt;option&gt;] - Defines an option within a select field
  * [TagDot &lt;dot&gt;] - Defines a Merdcules.Dots field
  * [TagEm &lt;em&gt;] - Defines a title/heading
  * [TagCheck &lt;check&gt;] - Defines a checkbox field
  * [TagTextarea &lt;textarea&gt;] - Defines a textarea field
  * [TagBlank &lt;blank&gt;] - Defines a blank line